.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

# Pull Request Template

## Description

Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change.

Fixes # (issue)

## Type of change

Please delete options that are not relevant.

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update


## Checklist:

If you have added a new compute module in a SSC pull request related to this one, be sure to check the [Process Requirements](https://github.com/NREL/SAM/wiki/Compute-modules-in-SAM).

- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes
- [ ] Any dependent changes have been merged and published in downstream modules
- [ ] I have checked my code and corrected any misspellings

Commit message:

Checking for SDK/PySAM Incompatible API Changes (#1145)
* make ssc variable differ better

* update pull_request_template

* use glob to find ssc.so

* use glob to find ssc.so

* use glob to find ssc.so

use glob to find ssc.so

* path

Co-authored-by: sjanzou <sjanzou@gmail.com>

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

# Pull Request Template

## Description

Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change.

Fixes # (issue)

## Type of change

Please delete options that are not relevant.

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update
- [ ] This change modifies variables in existing compute modules. Please see [Checking for PySAM Incompatible API Changes](https://github.com/NREL/SAM/wiki/Checking-for-PySAM-Incompatible-API-Changes).


## Checklist:

If you have added a new compute module in a SSC pull request related to this one, be sure to check the [Process Requirements](https://github.com/NREL/SAM/wiki/Compute-modules-in-SAM).

- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes
- [ ] Any dependent changes have been merged and published in downstream modules
- [ ] I have checked my code and corrected any misspellings
